now it came to pass in the 14th year of
now it came to pass in the 14th year of king hezekiah that Sennacherib king of
king hezekiah that Sennacherib king of
king hezekiah that Sennacherib king of Assyria came up against all the
Assyria came up against all the
Assyria came up against all the fortified cities of Judah and took them
fortified cities of Judah and took them
fortified cities of Judah and took them from the king of Assyria sent the Reb
from the king of Assyria sent the Reb
from the king of Assyria sent the Reb Shakur with a great army from lakish to
Shakur with a great army from lakish to
Shakur with a great army from lakish to King Hezekiah at Jerusalem and he stood
King Hezekiah at Jerusalem and he stood
King Hezekiah at Jerusalem and he stood by the aqueduct from the upper pool on
by the aqueduct from the upper pool on
by the aqueduct from the upper pool on the highway to the fullest field and a
the highway to the fullest field and a
the highway to the fullest field and a lion the son of Hilkiah who was over the
lion the son of Hilkiah who was over the
lion the son of Hilkiah who was over the household shebna described and joah the
household shebna described and joah the
household shebna described and joah the son of Asaph the recorder came out then
son of Asaph the recorder came out then
son of Asaph the recorder came out then the Rabb Shakur said to them say now to
the Rabb Shakur said to them say now to
the Rabb Shakur said to them say now to Hezekiah thus says the Great King the
Hezekiah thus says the Great King the
Hezekiah thus says the Great King the king of Assyria what conference is this
king of Assyria what conference is this
king of Assyria what conference is this in which you trust i say you speak of
in which you trust i say you speak of
in which you trust i say you speak of having plans and powerful war but they
having plans and powerful war but they
having plans and powerful war but they are mere words now in whom do you trust
are mere words now in whom do you trust
are mere words now in whom do you trust that you repel against me look you are
that you repel against me look you are
that you repel against me look you are trusting in the staff of this broken
trusting in the staff of this broken
trusting in the staff of this broken Reed Egypt on which if a man leans it
Reed Egypt on which if a man leans it
Reed Egypt on which if a man leans it will go into his hand and pierce it so
will go into his hand and pierce it so
will go into his hand and pierce it so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who
is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who
is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who trust in him but if you say to me we
trust in him but if you say to me we
trust in him but if you say to me we trust in the Lord our God is it not he
trust in the Lord our God is it not he
trust in the Lord our God is it not he whose high places and whose altars
whose high places and whose altars
whose high places and whose altars Hezekiah has taken away and said to
Hezekiah has taken away and said to
Hezekiah has taken away and said to Judah and Jerusalem you shall worship
Judah and Jerusalem you shall worship
Judah and Jerusalem you shall worship before this altar now therefore I urge
before this altar now therefore I urge
before this altar now therefore I urge you give a pledge to my master the king
you give a pledge to my master the king
you give a pledge to my master the king of Assyria and I will give you two
of Assyria and I will give you two
of Assyria and I will give you two thousand horses if you are able on your
thousand horses if you are able on your
thousand horses if you are able on your part to put riders on them how then will
part to put riders on them how then will
part to put riders on them how then will you repel one captain of the least of my
you repel one captain of the least of my
you repel one captain of the least of my Master's servants and put your trust in
Master's servants and put your trust in
Master's servants and put your trust in Egypt for chariots and horsemen have I
Egypt for chariots and horsemen have I
Egypt for chariots and horsemen have I now come up without the Lord against
now come up without the Lord against
now come up without the Lord against this land to destroy it
this land to destroy it
this land to destroy it the Lord said to me go up against this
the Lord said to me go up against this
the Lord said to me go up against this land and destroy it and like him
land and destroy it and like him
land and destroy it and like him Sapna and Joe said to the Rav Shaka
Sapna and Joe said to the Rav Shaka
Sapna and Joe said to the Rav Shaka please speak to your servants in Aramaic
please speak to your servants in Aramaic
please speak to your servants in Aramaic for we understand it I do not speak to
for we understand it I do not speak to
for we understand it I do not speak to us in Hebrew in the hearing of the
us in Hebrew in the hearing of the
us in Hebrew in the hearing of the people who are on the wall but the Rebbe
people who are on the wall but the Rebbe
people who are on the wall but the Rebbe sugar said as my master sent me to your
sugar said as my master sent me to your
sugar said as my master sent me to your master and to you to speak these words
master and to you to speak these words
master and to you to speak these words and not to the men who sit on the wall
and not to the men who sit on the wall
and not to the men who sit on the wall who will eat and drink their own waste
who will eat and drink their own waste
who will eat and drink their own waste with you then the rap Shakur stood and
with you then the rap Shakur stood and
with you then the rap Shakur stood and called out with a loud voice in Hebrew
called out with a loud voice in Hebrew
called out with a loud voice in Hebrew hear the words of the great king the
hear the words of the great king the
hear the words of the great king the king of Assyria thus says the king do
king of Assyria thus says the king do
king of Assyria thus says the king do not let Hezekiah deceive you for he will
not let Hezekiah deceive you for he will
not let Hezekiah deceive you for he will not be able to deliver you nor let
not be able to deliver you nor let
not be able to deliver you nor let Hezekiah make you trust in the Lord
Hezekiah make you trust in the Lord
Hezekiah make you trust in the Lord saying the Lord will surely deliver us
saying the Lord will surely deliver us
saying the Lord will surely deliver us this city will not be given into the
this city will not be given into the
this city will not be given into the hand of the king of Assyria do not
hand of the king of Assyria do not
hand of the king of Assyria do not listen to Hezekiah for thus as the king
listen to Hezekiah for thus as the king
listen to Hezekiah for thus as the king of Assyria make peace with me buy a
of Assyria make peace with me buy a
of Assyria make peace with me buy a present and come out to me and every one
present and come out to me and every one
present and come out to me and every one of you eat from his own vine and every
of you eat from his own vine and every
of you eat from his own vine and every one from his own fig tree and every one
one from his own fig tree and every one
one from his own fig tree and every one of you drink the waters of his own
of you drink the waters of his own
of you drink the waters of his own cistern until I come and take you away
cistern until I come and take you away
cistern until I come and take you away to a land like your own land a land of
to a land like your own land a land of
to a land like your own land a land of grain and new wine a land of bread and
grain and new wine a land of bread and
grain and new wine a land of bread and vineyards beware lest Hezekiah persuade
vineyards beware lest Hezekiah persuade
vineyards beware lest Hezekiah persuade you saying the Lord will deliver us has
you saying the Lord will deliver us has
you saying the Lord will deliver us has any one of the gods of the nations
any one of the gods of the nations
any one of the gods of the nations delivered its land from the hand of the
delivered its land from the hand of the
delivered its land from the hand of the king of Assyria where are the gods of
king of Assyria where are the gods of
king of Assyria where are the gods of hey math and Arpad where are the gods of
hey math and Arpad where are the gods of
hey math and Arpad where are the gods of safar bayum indeed have they delivered
safar bayum indeed have they delivered
safar bayum indeed have they delivered Sumeria from my hand who among all the
Sumeria from my hand who among all the
Sumeria from my hand who among all the gods of these lands have delivered their
gods of these lands have delivered their
gods of these lands have delivered their countries from my hand that the Lord
countries from my hand that the Lord
countries from my hand that the Lord deliver jerusalem from my but they held
deliver jerusalem from my but they held
deliver jerusalem from my but they held their peace and answered him not a word
their peace and answered him not a word
their peace and answered him not a word for the king's commandment was do not
for the king's commandment was do not
for the king's commandment was do not answer him
answer him
answer him then alike him the son of Hilkiah who
then alike him the son of Hilkiah who
then alike him the son of Hilkiah who was over the household shebna the scribe
was over the household shebna the scribe
was over the household shebna the scribe and joah
and joah
and joah the son of Asaph the recorder came to
the son of Asaph the recorder came to
the son of Asaph the recorder came to Hezekiah with their clothes torn and
Hezekiah with their clothes torn and
Hezekiah with their clothes torn and told him the words of the rapture